CompoundV3-Bots/Bridge-Proposal-Integrity-Monitor/README.md, before:

# Bridge Proposal Integrity Monitor Bot

## Description

This bot monitors Compound v3 BaseBridgeReceiver contract for bridged proposals,
checking if they were as expected from what was sent on Ethereum.

This is done by monitoring `ProposalCreated` events on the Polygon
BridgeReceiver contract and then trying to fetch the corresponding message
passing that lead to this creation on Mainnet - in this case, a transaction
execution from the Governor timelock to the Polygon bridge.

The bot parameters can be configured in `src/agent.config.ts`.

**Important**: This bot is set to be deployed in its obfuscated version, as an
Ethereum RPC is set in `agent.config.ts` to fetch the message creation logs
and it can be private. To obfuscate the implementation, you can run 
`npm run obfuscate`, which will make the obfuscated version available in
`obfuscated/`. As per the `Dockerfile`, this is the code that will actually
be included in the bot image on deployment.

## Supported Chains

- Polygon

Currently the only supported chain is indeed Polygon. Some features were added
to make it simpler to add other chains (i.e. network-specific configuration
fields), but to do this same procedure in other chains it'd be necessary to know
how the network bridge works.

## Alerts

- COMP2-5-1
  - Fired when `ProposalCreated` event was emitted on BridgeReceiver contract,
  and the corresponding transaction was found on mainnet.
  - Severity is always set to "Info"
  - Type is always set to "Info"
  - Metadata:
    - `chain`: Network chain name or ID where `ProposalCreated` was emitted.
    - `bridgeReceiver`: Address of `BaseBridgeReceiver` contract where the
    proposal was created.
    - `proposalId`: ID of the proposal.
    - `fxChild`: Address of the proposal creation message sender.
    - `txHash`: Mainnet transaction hash that originated in the proposal
    creation.

- COMP2-5-2
  - Fired when `ProposalCreated` event was emitted on BridgeReceiver contract,
  but no corresponding transaction was found on mainnet.
  - Severity is always set to "Suspicious"
  - Type is always set to "High"
  - Metadata:
    - `chain`: Network chain name or ID where `ProposalCreated` was emitted.
    - `bridgeReceiver`: Address of `BaseBridgeReceiver` contract where the
    proposal was created.
    - `proposalId`: ID of the proposal.
    - `fxChild`: Address of the proposal creation message sender.

## Test Data

Besides unit tests, which can be executed through `npm run test`, you can also
test this bot with real data. First, set up a Polygon Mainnet RPC in your
`forta.config.json` file, then enable the debug mode in `agent.config.ts` by
setting the `DEBUG` flag to `true`. This will mainly make it so the current
Ethereum mainnet block is set as `16769029` so we can get the message passing
logs in a realistic range. Now, run the following command to execute the bot in
a transaction:

```
npm run tx 0xd966bdabfb86c3bc1bd159aaa6b92f5838d6450b2c02fbeb774a660fc93da1d2
```

This will return an Info finding, as there was indeed a message passing for this
proposal creation in the transaction
`0xfff9a127bfc58dbe733775daed5b701b5d2aab54118b47b9a4a9baf930629a0b`.
To get a Suspicious finding, you can increase the `DEBUG_LAST_BLOCK` to make it
so it's not included in the message pass fetching range, which should be
unrealistic.

Commit message:

docs: Add one more disclaimer about obfuscation to README

CompoundV3-Bots/Bridge-Proposal-Integrity-Monitor/README.md, after:

# Bridge Proposal Integrity Monitor Bot

## Description

This bot monitors Compound v3 BaseBridgeReceiver contract for bridged proposals,
checking if they were as expected from what was sent on Ethereum.

This is done by monitoring `ProposalCreated` events on the Polygon
BridgeReceiver contract and then trying to fetch the corresponding message
passing that lead to this creation on Mainnet - in this case, a transaction
execution from the Governor timelock to the Polygon bridge.

The bot parameters can be configured in `src/agent.config.ts`.

**Important**: This bot is set to be deployed in its obfuscated version, as an
Ethereum RPC is set in `agent.config.ts` to fetch the message creation logs
and it can be private. To obfuscate the implementation, you can run 
`npm run obfuscate`, which will make the obfuscated version available in
`obfuscated/`. As per the `Dockerfile`, this is the code that will actually
be included in the bot image on deployment. Still, keep in mind that obfuscation
is not that hard to revert, so it'd be better to consider this provider URL is
mostly public.

## Supported Chains

- Polygon

Currently the only supported chain is indeed Polygon. Some features were added
to make it simpler to add other chains (i.e. network-specific configuration
fields), but to do this same procedure in other chains it'd be necessary to know
how the network bridge works.

## Alerts

- COMP2-5-1
  - Fired when `ProposalCreated` event was emitted on BridgeReceiver contract,
  and the corresponding transaction was found on mainnet.
  - Severity is always set to "Info"
  - Type is always set to "Info"
  - Metadata:
    - `chain`: Network chain name or ID where `ProposalCreated` was emitted.
    - `bridgeReceiver`: Address of `BaseBridgeReceiver` contract where the
    proposal was created.
    - `proposalId`: ID of the proposal.
    - `fxChild`: Address of the proposal creation message sender.
    - `txHash`: Mainnet transaction hash that originated in the proposal
    creation.

- COMP2-5-2
  - Fired when `ProposalCreated` event was emitted on BridgeReceiver contract,
  but no corresponding transaction was found on mainnet.
  - Severity is always set to "Suspicious"
  - Type is always set to "High"
  - Metadata:
    - `chain`: Network chain name or ID where `ProposalCreated` was emitted.
    - `bridgeReceiver`: Address of `BaseBridgeReceiver` contract where the
    proposal was created.
    - `proposalId`: ID of the proposal.
    - `fxChild`: Address of the proposal creation message sender.

## Test Data

Besides unit tests, which can be executed through `npm run test`, you can also
test this bot with real data. First, set up a Polygon Mainnet RPC in your
`forta.config.json` file, then enable the debug mode in `agent.config.ts` by
setting the `DEBUG` flag to `true`. This will mainly make it so the current
Ethereum mainnet block is set as `16769029` so we can get the message passing
logs in a realistic range. Now, run the following command to execute the bot in
a transaction:

```
npm run tx 0xd966bdabfb86c3bc1bd159aaa6b92f5838d6450b2c02fbeb774a660fc93da1d2
```

This will return an Info finding, as there was indeed a message passing for this
proposal creation in the transaction
`0xfff9a127bfc58dbe733775daed5b701b5d2aab54118b47b9a4a9baf930629a0b`.
To get a Suspicious finding, you can increase the `DEBUG_LAST_BLOCK` to make it
so it's not included in the message pass fetching range, which should be
unrealistic.
