victim-identifier/README.md, before:

# Victim Identifier Bot

## Description

This bot identifies possible victims during the preparation or the exploitation stage of an attack, using the `VictimIdentifier` library from the [General-Agents-Module](https://github.com/NethermindEth/general-agents-module#victimidentifier)

> The bot uses Moralis, Ethplorer and block explorer APIs. In order to increase performance, add your own API keys to the `src/keys.ts` file.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum
- Optimism
- BNB Smart Chain
- Polygon
- Fantom
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche

## Alerts

- VICTIM-IDENTIFIER-PREPARATION-STAGE

  - Fired when a contract address is identified as a possible victim in the preparation stage of an attack
    - Per the library docs: `preparation stage of an attack, where victims are contained in a newly deployed contract's code`
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - Metadata contains:
    - `address#`^: The victim's contract address.
    - `tag#`^: The victim protocol's name, if found.
    - `protocolUrl#`^: The victim protocol's website address, if found.
    - `protocolTwitter#`^: The victim protocol's twitter handle, if found.
    - `holders#`^: The token holders of the victim if:
      1. it is an ERC20 token.
      2. the holders are found.
      3. the number of victims is small, in order to avoid max findings size per request error.
  - Labels contain:
    - `entity`: The victim's address
    - `entityType`: The type of the entity, always set to "Address".
    - `label`: The type of the label, always set to "Victim".
    - `confidence`: The confidence level of the contract being a victim (0-1).

- VICTIM-IDENTIFIER-EXPLOITATION-STAGE

  - Fired when a contract address is identified as a possible victim in the exploitation stage of an attack
    - Per the library docs: `exploitation stage of an attack, in transactions where the victim protocol's balance is reduced`
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - Metadata contains:
    - `address#`^: The victim's contract address.
    - `tag#`^: The victim protocol's name, if found.
    - `protocolUrl#`^: The victim protocol's website address, if found.
    - `protocolTwitter#`^: The victim protocol's twitter handle, if found.
    - `holders#`^: The token holders of the victim if:
      1. it is an ERC20 token.
      2. the holders are found.
      3. the number of victims is small, in order to avoid max findings size per request error.

- Labels contain:

  - `entity`: The victim's address
  - `entityType`: The type of the entity, always set to "Address".
  - `label`: The type of the label, always set to "Victim".
  - `confidence`: The confidence level of the contract being a victim (0-1).

> `^` indicates this property could have more than one instance appear in the alert's `metadata`, and thus each will be properly enumerated.

## Test Data

The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:

On Ethereum:

- [0x05f548db9215621c49d845482f1b804d82697711ef691dd77d2a796f3881bd02](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x05f548db9215621c49d845482f1b804d82697711ef691dd77d2a796f3881bd02) (Olympus DAO Attack - Preparation Stage)
- [0x390def749b71f516d8bf4329a4cb07bb3568a3627c25e607556621182a17f1f9](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x390def749b71f516d8bf4329a4cb07bb3568a3627c25e607556621182a17f1f9) (DFX Finance Attack - Exploitation Stage)

On BNB Smart Chain:

- [0x54121ed538f27ffee2dbb232f9d9be33e39fdaf34adf993e5e019c00f6afd499](https://bscscan.com/tx/0x54121ed538f27ffee2dbb232f9d9be33e39fdaf34adf993e5e019c00f6afd499) (UVToken Attack - Exploitation Stage)

Commit message:

feat: Add contract and deployer addresses to the metadata

victim-identifier/README.md, after:

# Victim Identifier Bot

## Description

This bot identifies possible victims during the preparation or the exploitation stage of an attack, using the `VictimIdentifier` library from the [General-Agents-Module](https://github.com/NethermindEth/general-agents-module#victimidentifier)

> The bot uses Moralis, Ethplorer and block explorer APIs. In order to increase performance, add your own API keys to the `src/keys.ts` file.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum
- Optimism
- BNB Smart Chain
- Polygon
- Fantom
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche

## Alerts

- VICTIM-IDENTIFIER-PREPARATION-STAGE

  - Fired when a contract address is identified as a possible victim in the preparation stage of an attack
    - Per the library docs: `preparation stage of an attack, where victims are contained in a newly deployed contract's code`
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - Metadata contains:
    - `contract#`^: The created contract address
    - `deployer#`^: The contract deployer address
    - `address#`^: The victim's contract address.
    - `tag#`^: The victim protocol's name, if found.
    - `protocolUrl#`^: The victim protocol's website address, if found.
    - `protocolTwitter#`^: The victim protocol's twitter handle, if found.
    - `holders#`^: The token holders of the victim if:
      1. it is an ERC20 token.
      2. the holders are found.
      3. the number of victims is small, in order to avoid max findings size per request error.
  - Labels contain:
    - Label1:
      - `entity`: The contract deployer's address
      - `entityType`: The type of the entity, always set to "Address".
      - `label`: The type of the label, always set to "Attacker".
      - `confidence`: The confidence level of the contract being a victim (0-1), always set to 1.
    - Label#:
      - `entity`: The victim's address
      - `entityType`: The type of the entity, always set to "Address".
      - `label`: The type of the label, always set to "Victim".
      - `confidence`: The confidence level of the contract being a victim (0-1).

- VICTIM-IDENTIFIER-EXPLOITATION-STAGE

  - Fired when a contract address is identified as a possible victim in the exploitation stage of an attack
    - Per the library docs: `exploitation stage of an attack, in transactions where the victim protocol's balance is reduced`
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - Metadata contains:
    - `address#`^: The victim's contract address.
    - `tag#`^: The victim protocol's name, if found.
    - `protocolUrl#`^: The victim protocol's website address, if found.
    - `protocolTwitter#`^: The victim protocol's twitter handle, if found.
    - `holders#`^: The token holders of the victim if:
      1. it is an ERC20 token.
      2. the holders are found.
      3. the number of victims is small, in order to avoid max findings size per request error.

- Labels contain:

  - `entity`: The victim's address
  - `entityType`: The type of the entity, always set to "Address".
  - `label`: The type of the label, always set to "Victim".
  - `confidence`: The confidence level of the contract being a victim (0-1).

> `^` indicates this property could have more than one instance appear in the alert's `metadata`, and thus each will be properly enumerated.

## Test Data

The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:

On Ethereum:

- [0x05f548db9215621c49d845482f1b804d82697711ef691dd77d2a796f3881bd02](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x05f548db9215621c49d845482f1b804d82697711ef691dd77d2a796f3881bd02) (Olympus DAO Attack - Preparation Stage)
- [0x390def749b71f516d8bf4329a4cb07bb3568a3627c25e607556621182a17f1f9](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x390def749b71f516d8bf4329a4cb07bb3568a3627c25e607556621182a17f1f9) (DFX Finance Attack - Exploitation Stage)

On BNB Smart Chain:

- [0x54121ed538f27ffee2dbb232f9d9be33e39fdaf34adf993e5e019c00f6afd499](https://bscscan.com/tx/0x54121ed538f27ffee2dbb232f9d9be33e39fdaf34adf993e5e019c00f6afd499) (UVToken Attack - Exploitation Stage)
